README.md, before:

# Deconst, Integrated

[`docker-compose`](https://docs.docker.com/compose/) configuration that instantiates a single "pod" of Deconst services, with all of the debug settings cranked up to full. It's useful for:

 * Integration testing of Deconst components, before you commit to master and :shipit:
 * Previewing local content or control repository changes before [#9](https://github.com/deconst/deconst-docs/issues/9) is addressed

### Prerequisites

 * Install a recent version of [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/installation/#installation) for your platform.
 * Install [docker-compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/). In addition to the `curl` command they list, you can also install it from [homebrew](http://brew.sh/) or [pip](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/docker-compose/1.3.0rc1).

If you're using `boot2docker` on a Mac or Windows, you'll need to make sure that it's running, first. Run `boot2docker init` on first run. 

Run `boot2docker up` and then `$(boot2docker shellinit)` in each shell you'll use to interact with Docker.

### Getting Started

Clone this repository and `cd` into the directory where you cloned the repo. Then:

1. Customize your credentials and other settings. The `env`
settings require knowing your Rackspace Cloud account info
and also where you intend to clone the control repo, for example.
  ```bash
  
  cp env.example env
  vi env
  ```
2. Launch the services.
   ```bash

   script/up
   ```

`script/up` accepts any parameters that `docker-compose up` does. Notably, you can use `script/up -d` to launch services in the background.


### Alternatively, you can manually run each docker container with:

```bash
# generate an API key for the content service
APIKEY=$(hexdump -v -e '1/1 "%.2x"' -n 128 /dev/random)
echo "Content Service Admin API Key:" $APIKEY

# startup content service dependencies
docker run -d --name elasticsearch elasticsearch:1.7
docker run -d --name mongo mongo:2.6

# build and deploy the content service
cd {wherever you have the deconst/content-service}
docker build --tag content-service:1.0.0 .
docker run -d -p 9000:8080 \
              -e NODE_ENV=development \
              -e STORAGE=memory \
              -e MONGODB_URL=mongodb://mongo:27017/content \
              -e ELASTICSEARCH_HOST=http://elasticsearch:9200/ \
              -e ADMIN_APIKEY=$APIKEY \
              --link mongo:mongo \
              --link elasticsearch:elasticsearch \
              --name content \
              content-service:1.0.0 script/inside/dev

# build and deploy the presenter service
cd {wherever you have the deconst/presenter}
docker build --tag presenter-service:1.0.0 .
docker run -d -p 80:8080 \
              -e NODE_ENV=development \
              -e CONTROL_REPO_PATH=/var/control-repo \
              -e CONTROL_REPO_URL=https://github.com/j12y/nexus-control.git \
              -e CONTROL_REPO_BRANCH=setup_howtos \
              -e CONTENT_SERVICE_URL=http://content:8080 \
              -e PRESENTED_URL_PROTO=http \
              -e PRESENTED_URL_DOMAIN=support.rackspace.com \
              --link content \
              --name presenter \
              presenter-service:1.0.0 script/dev
```


### Submitting Content

Now the site is running, but you don't have any content submitted, yet. To add some, run the appropriate `script/add-*` script with the path to your clone of a local content repository.

```bash
script/add-sphinx ~/writing/drc/docs-quickstart

script/add-jekyll ~/writing/drc/docs-developer-blog
```

#### Updating content/mappings

If you make changes to the control repo—including content mapping, template routing, redirects, or asset/template content—you will neeed to restart the _presenter_ so it can pick up these changes. Just run `script/refresh` to restart the presenter.

Commit message:

Update README, replacing boot2docker instructions
Pretty Mac-specific, but it's what I did today to get Docker going with a fresh install.

README.md, after:

# Deconst, Integrated

[`docker-compose`](https://docs.docker.com/compose/) configuration that instantiates a single "pod" of Deconst services, with all of the debug settings cranked up to full. It's useful for:

 * Integration testing of Deconst components, before you commit to master and :shipit:
 * Previewing local content or control repository changes before [#9](https://github.com/deconst/deconst-docs/issues/9) is addressed

### Prerequisites

 * Install a recent version of [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/installation/#installation) for your platform.
 * Install [docker-compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/). In addition to the `curl` command they list, you can also install it from [homebrew](http://brew.sh/) or [pip](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/docker-compose/1.3.0rc1).

Make sure that docker-machine is running, first. Run `/usr/local/bin/docker-machine env default` to connect your Docker Client to the Docker Engine. 

Run `eval $(/usr/local/bin/docker-machine env default)` in each shell you'll use to interact with Docker.

### Getting Started

Clone this repository and `cd` into the directory where you cloned the repo. Then:

1. Customize your credentials and other settings. The `env`
settings require knowing your Rackspace Cloud account info
and also where you intend to clone the control repo, for example.
  ```bash
  
  cp env.example env
  vi env
  ```
2. Launch the services.
   ```bash

   script/up
   ```

`script/up` accepts any parameters that `docker-compose up` does. Notably, you can use `script/up -d` to launch services in the background.


### Alternatively, you can manually run each docker container with:

```bash
# generate an API key for the content service
APIKEY=$(hexdump -v -e '1/1 "%.2x"' -n 128 /dev/random)
echo "Content Service Admin API Key:" $APIKEY

# startup content service dependencies
docker run -d --name elasticsearch elasticsearch:1.7
docker run -d --name mongo mongo:2.6

# build and deploy the content service
cd {wherever you have the deconst/content-service}
docker build --tag content-service:1.0.0 .
docker run -d -p 9000:8080 \
              -e NODE_ENV=development \
              -e STORAGE=memory \
              -e MONGODB_URL=mongodb://mongo:27017/content \
              -e ELASTICSEARCH_HOST=http://elasticsearch:9200/ \
              -e ADMIN_APIKEY=$APIKEY \
              --link mongo:mongo \
              --link elasticsearch:elasticsearch \
              --name content \
              content-service:1.0.0 script/inside/dev

# build and deploy the presenter service
cd {wherever you have the deconst/presenter}
docker build --tag presenter-service:1.0.0 .
docker run -d -p 80:8080 \
              -e NODE_ENV=development \
              -e CONTROL_REPO_PATH=/var/control-repo \
              -e CONTROL_REPO_URL=https://github.com/j12y/nexus-control.git \
              -e CONTROL_REPO_BRANCH=setup_howtos \
              -e CONTENT_SERVICE_URL=http://content:8080 \
              -e PRESENTED_URL_PROTO=http \
              -e PRESENTED_URL_DOMAIN=support.rackspace.com \
              --link content \
              --name presenter \
              presenter-service:1.0.0 script/dev
```


### Submitting Content

Now the site is running, but you don't have any content submitted, yet. To add some, run the appropriate `script/add-*` script with the path to your clone of a local content repository.

```bash
script/add-sphinx ~/writing/drc/docs-quickstart

script/add-jekyll ~/writing/drc/docs-developer-blog
```

#### Updating content/mappings

If you make changes to the control repo—including content mapping, template routing, redirects, or asset/template content—you will neeed to restart the _presenter_ so it can pick up these changes. Just run `script/refresh` to restart the presenter.
